Add updates from prev pull request for Ripe (#6628)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-ripe-cloud/index.md

> success ""
> Set up a free account with Ripe by visiting their [website](https://www.getripe.com/){:target="_blank"}.

## Getting Started

> warning "Ripe Cloud Mode (Actions) destination requires events from an Analytics.js source"
> Ripe Cloud Mode is a way to send your backend events to Ripe and should be used in tandem with the client-side [Ripe Destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-ripe-web/). Without a Ripe Web Mode (Actions) destination receiving information from an Analytics.js source, you will not be able to interact with leads in the Ripe app.

1. From the Destinations catalog page in the Segment App, click Add Destination.
2. Search for "Ripe Cloud Mode (Actions)" in the Destinations Catalog, and select the "Ripe Cloud Mode (Actions)" destination.
3. Choose which Source should send data to the "Ripe" destination.
4. Go to Ripe integrations page (or onboarding page) and click on the "Segment" integration.
5. Copy the "Segment API key".
6. Enter the "Segment API Key" in the "Ripe Cloud Mode" destination settings in Segment.

## Supported Methods

Ripe supports all the following methods out of the box.

### Identify

> Take a look at the [Page method documentation](/docs/connections/spec/page/) to learn about what it does. An example call would look like this:

Author: corrected

---
title: Ripe Cloud Mode (Actions) Destination
hide-boilerplate: true
hide-dossier: true
id: 63cade592992cf7052ce2e3e
---

[Ripe](https://www.getripe.com/){:target="_blank"} is a sales conversion tool that enables B2B revenue teams to surface and meet their best leads at the best possible time - when they are using your product.

The Ripe Segment integration is an [Actions-based Destination in cloud mode](https://segment.com/docs/connections/destinations/#connection-modes) that lets you send your product events data to Ripe.

Ripe maintains this destination. For any issues with the destination, [contact the Ripe team](mailto:support@getripe.com).

> success ""
> Set up a free account with Ripe by visiting their [website](https://www.getripe.com/){:target="_blank"}.

## Getting Started

> > warning ""
> > **Before Getting Started**
> > Ripe Cloud Mode is a way to send your back-end events to Ripe and should be used in tandem with our client-side [Ripe Destination](https://segment.com/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-ripe-web/). Without the Ripe [web mode] destination installed on a javascript source, functionality will be severely limited and you will not be able to interact with leads through the Ripe app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> warning "Ripe Cloud Mode (Actions) destination requires events from an Analytics.js source"
> Ripe Cloud Mode is a way to send your backend events to Ripe and should be used in tandem with the client-side [Ripe Destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-ripe-web/). Without a Ripe Web Mode (Actions) destination receiving information from an Analytics.js source, you will not be able to interact with leads in the Ripe app.
```
